.TH MEM-CPU-PLOT 1 "2011-11-01" "sp-memusage"
.SH NAME
mem-cpu-plot - build memory and cpu usage graphs from mem-cpu-monitor output.
.SH SYNOPSIS
mem-cpu-plot [-i <input filename>] [-o <output filename>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fImem-cpu-plot\fP parses mem-cpu-monitor output and builds memory and cpu 
usage graphs for system and monitored processes. \fImem-cpu-plot\fP accepts
both - color and no-color mem-cpu-monitor output.

By default it creates both - process and resource based reports (see --process
and --resource options).

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fI--in\fP=<path> (\fI-i\fP <path>)
Specifies the input file name. Standard input is used by default.

.TP
\fI--out\fP=<path> (\fI-i\fP <path>)
Specifies output directory. Current directory is used by default.
The output directory is also used to create temporary files during
report generation.

.TP
\fI--process\fP (\fI-p\fP)
Creates one memory & cpu usage report for every process.

.TP
\fI--resource\fP (\fI-r\fP)
Creates single memory usage report and single cpu usage report for 
all processes.

.TP 
 \fI--help\fP (\fI-h\fP)
Displays help information and exits.

.SH EXAMPLES

mem-cpu-monitor -i 1 <-p PID|-n process-name>  >  memcpu.log
.br
^C
.br
mem-cpu-plot < memcpu.log

After stopping monitoring with ctrl+C, mem-cpu-plot creates
plot.svg SVG file containing the memory and cpu usage of
the whole system and given processes.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR mem-cpu-monitor (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2011 Nokia Corporation.
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
