.TH MEM-MONITOR-SMAPS 1 "2008-09-11" "sp-memusage"
.SH NAME
mem-monitor-smaps - output process (or system) memory usage at given intervals
.SH SYNOPSIS
mem-monitor-smaps [\fI-c\fP] [\fI-i <interval>\fP] [\fI-p <process>\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fImem-monitor-smaps\fP script outputs (one-liner) process or system
memory usage information from /proc/meminfo at given intervals. If the
monitored process exits during monitoring, the mem-monitor-smaps will
also exit.
.PP
This is obsoleted by \fImem-cpu-monitor\fP binary, but may still be
useful if one wants just a simple architecture independent script.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -c
Only changed lines will be shown. Helps to cut down the amount of uninteresting output if the memory usage of process changes only occasionally.
.IP -i
The interval between memory usage information updates. By default the interval is 5 seconds.
.IP -p
The process ID (or name) which the tool should monitor. If this is omitted, the whole system memory usage is monitored instead. If process name is given and multiple PIDs match it, the latest one will be monitored.
.SH EXAMPLE OUTPUT
Example \fImem-monitor-smaps\fP output (invoked with mem-monitor-smaps -p esd):
.nf

List available system memory and given process memory usage
for /usr/bin/esd[944] according to SMAPS.
(without swap as SMAPS doesn't report swap correctly)
 
            system  process         private /\-\-\-\-\-\- dirty \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\\
time:       avail:  size:   rss:    clean:  shared: private: change:
16:47:32    68260   2168    708     44      0       184        +0 kB
16:47:34    68284   2168    708     44      0       184        +0 kB
16:47:37    68292   2168    708     44      0       184        +0 kB
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR proc (1), 
.IR memusage (1)
.IR mem-cpu-monitor (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2008 Nokia Corporation.
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
