.TH RUN-WITH-MALLINFO 1 "2007-11-06" "sp-meminfo"
.SH NAME
run-with-mallinfo - run Maemo applications under mallinfo
.SH SYNOPSIS
run-with-mallinfo \fIbinary\fP \fIarguments\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIrun-with-mallinfo\fP is a helper script for the mallinfo
wrapper library. The script runs given binary (with its arguments)
under mallinfo using suitable options for the Maemo environment.  For
example maemo-launched applications are run with \fImaemo-summoner\fP.
.PP
Normally script uses just LD_PRELOAD to run the application under
mallinfo, but that doesn't work with Scratchbox. Inside Scratchbox
the script needs to temporarily modify /etc/ld.so.preload file instead
when starting the application.
.PP
The produced mallinfo reports will appear at $HOME/mallinfo-PID.trace.
.SH EXAMPLES
There are a few ways to use this script:
.PP
\(bu If the binary is using "maemo-launcher", this script can be linked
to the binary name instead of the "maemo-invoker" and the script will
automatically call "maemo-summoner" as needed.
.PP
\(bu Call the binary directly with this script, e.g. like this:
.br
.B	export MALLINFO="yes" DISPLAY=:1
.br
.B      run-standalone.sh run-with-mallinfo <binary> <arguments>
.PP
\(bu Rename the original binary to <name>.real and put/link this
script in place of the original binary.
.PP
.SH FILES
.br
.B	/etc/ld.so.preload
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR maemo-summoner (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2007 Nokia Corporation.
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
