.TH RUN-WITH-MEMUSAGE 1 "2008-03-20" "sp-memusage"
.SH NAME
run-with-memusage - run Maemo applications under memusage
.SH SYNOPSIS
run-with-memusage \fIbinary\fP \fIarguments\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIrun-with-memusage\fP is a helper script for the memusage
wrapper library provided by glibc. Memusage collects statistics about
application memory management during its runtime and reports them
after the application exits. Please note that the application needs to
exit normally or gathering of statistics fails; for example, applications
terminated with various signals will not produce any statistics output. 

The script runs given binary (with its arguments) under memusage
using suitable options for the Maemo environment.  For example
maemo-launched applications are run with \fImaemo-summoner\fP.
.PP
Normally script uses just LD_PRELOAD to run the application under
mallinfo, but that doesn't work with Scratchbox. Inside Scratchbox
the script needs to temporarily modify /etc/ld.so.preload file instead
when starting the application. For additional details about the environmental
variables controlling the behavior of libmemusage,
please see \fImalloc/memusage.c\fP in the glibc source.
 
.SH EXAMPLES
There are a few ways to use this script:
.PP
\(bu If the binary is using "maemo-launcher", this script can be linked
to the binary name instead of the "maemo-invoker" and the script will
automatically call "maemo-summoner" as needed.
.PP
\(bu Call the binary directly with this script, e.g. like this:
.br
.B	DISPLAY=:1
.br
.B      run-standalone.sh run-with-memusage <binary> <arguments>
.PP
\(bu Rename the original binary to <name>.real and put/link this
script in place of the original binary.
.PP
.SH FILES
.br
.B	/etc/ld.so.preload
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR maemo-summoner (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2008 Nokia Corporation.
.PP
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
